Update Feature-Policy to Permissions-Policy (#22439)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/featurepolicy/getallowlistforfeature/index.md

{{APIRef("Feature Policy API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

The **`getAllowlistForFeature()`**

> method of the {{DOMxRef("FeaturePolicy")}} interface allows query of the allow list for a
> specific feature for the current Permissions Policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
method of the {{DOMxRef("FeaturePolicy")}} interface enables querying of the allow list for a specific feature for the current Permissions Policy.
```

### Return value

An [Allow list](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Permissions_Policy/#allowlists) for the
specified feature.

## Errors

The function will raise a warning if the specified Permissions Policy directive name is not
known. However, it will also return empty array, indicating that no origin is allowed to
use the feature.

## Example

The following example prints all the origins that are allowed to use Camera API by the

> Permissions Policy. Please note that Camera API might be restricted by the Permissions API,
> if the user did not grant the corresponding permission yet.

Reviewer: If you don't know, then the similarity in names is confusing. This resolves it:

```suggestion
Permissions Policy. Please note that Camera API might also be restricted by the [Permissions API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Permissions_API), if the user did not grant the corresponding permission.
```

```js

> // First, get the Permissions Policy object

Author: Yup, I've put it back
